dotnet(maui): line numbers supported (#6118)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dotnet/guides/maui/index.mdx

- Native crash reporting for Android, leveraging our [Android SDK](/platforms/android)
- Native crash reporting for iOS and Mac Catalyst, leveraging our [Cocoa SDK for iOS](/platforms/apple/guides/ios)
- Managed crash reporting (unhandled exceptions), on all MAUI platforms (iOS, Android, Windows, Mac Catalyst, and Tizen)

> - Line numbers for your C# or F# stack traces when PDBs are uploaded to Sentry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Line numbers for your .NET stack traces when PDBs are uploaded to Sentry
```
